--How to run the Weather API powered by AWS Serverless--

NOTE: THIS IS A LARAVEL PHP CODEBASE AND PLEASE DO MAKE SURE THAT THE REQUIREMENTS ARE INSTALLED IN ORDER FOR THE APPLICATION TO WORK. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS WILL MAKE THE PROJECT UNUSABLE

Requirements:
1. Download and install PHP 8.2.0 in your environment. Please see the below output of the PHP version in the command line/terminal.

    PHP 8.2.0 (cli) (built: Dec  6 2022 15:31:23) (ZTS Visual C++ 2019 x64)
    Copyright (c) The PHP Group
    Zend Engine v4.2.0, Copyright (c) Zend Technologies 

2. Download and install Node.js v18.15.0 in your environment. Please see the below output of the Node.js version in the command line/terminal.

    v18.15.0

Steps to run the API:
1. Copy the submitted files from the Codility platform or you can clone the repo from my github, https://github.com/drewubaldeayson/aws-serverless-test-laravel. 
2. Install the serverless command 'npm install -g serverless' without quotes.
2. Change directory to aws-serverless-test-laravel-api root directory
3. Run composer install. 
4. Create AWS access keys. Please refer to this link, https://bref.sh/docs/installation/aws-keys.html, for the better guide.
5. Setup those keys by running:
    serverless config credentials --provider aws --key <key> --secret <secret>
6. Run 'serverless deploy' command without quotes
7. Once the command finishes, it should print a URL like this one: 
https://3pjp2yiw97.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
8. Use the URL that is generated by the serverless deploy command as the main API source link. Make sure to copy it.
9. Open the Postman application, so we can test the API with an API key. Make sure to create a collection for this sample test and create a GET Request.
10. Go to Authorization and add this API key, "asodjfaoisjfoidsafjas" in the header for authentication.
11. You will need to run the first GET API which is the GET Weather api. Extend this GET Weather API '/api/v1/weather' to the AWS link. For example, https://3pjp2yiw97.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/api/v1/weather
12. Now, we need a parameter. Please make sure to add 'postCode=' and '&country=' in the url beside the 'weather' word. For example: https://3pjp2yiw97.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/api/v1/weather?postCode=1212&country=PH
This will display the data in the below format as based in the requirement of the test:
    {
        "lon": 150.8667,
        "lat": -33.7167,
        "main": "Clouds",
        "description": "overcast clouds",
        "temp": 290.27,
        "feels_like": 290.23,
        "temp_min": 288.57,
        "temp_max": 291.11,
        "pressure": 1028,
        "humidity": 84
    }



If I've given enough time, I can create a basic chatbot in a sample page wherein the user can type the postal code of a certain country in the chatbox and the weather details will be displayed by the chatbot.
